 what is class : A class is the group of property and function,
 what is class : A class is the tamplet of the object
 what is class : A class is the logical constructor

 what is object :- an object is instance of class
 what is the object : A object is the physical reality then occoupy the some space and memory
 what is doot operator use :-

 All class object in java must be allocated in dynamically memoey
                    - this is the constructor-
Student student  =  new Student(); this is object
-- compile time --   -- run time allocate memory --

what is constructor : -A constructor in Java is a special method that is used to initialize objects.
The constructor is called when an object of a class is created.It can be used to set initial values for object attributes:

constructor :- A construcotr is special type function that run you create an object and it allocate somr variable
The constructor does not return any value


-------------- This key word-----------
This keyword in Java
There can be a lot of usage of Java this keyword. In Java, this is a reference variable that refers to the current object.

student one  = new Student();
Student two = one;

--- final kaeyword-----
A final keyword are not modify the keyword
link: https://www.javatpoint.com/final-keyword

what is packages : - packages is just a folder
what is packages :- A java package is a group of similar types of classes, interfaces and sub-packages.


----inheritsnce
 link :- https://medium.com/edureka/inheritance-in-java-f638d3ed559e
What is Inheritance?
In Java, inheritance stands as a fundamental pillar of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP). It’s a mechanism through
 which one class can inherit the attributes (fields and methods) of another class. In essence, inheritance in Java
 revolves around creating new classes based on existing ones. When a class inherits from another class, it gains access
 to the methods and fields of the parent class. Furthermore, it can introduce new fields and methods to enhance its own
 functionality.
  li


Inheritance is an Object Oriented Programming (OOP) feature that allows the properties of an object to be used by
 different objects.

1 .A written class can be inherited by another class.
2 .When this process is done, all properties of the base class are transferred to the new class.
3 .Reusability of the written code is ensured.
4 .A base class is the parent class of a derived class.
5 .The parent class of derived class is called Base Class, and the inherited class is called the Derived Class.

---extands child class to parrent class using extands key word;
child class extands base class{
int weight;
}

child  child = new child()
child.l;
child.w;
child.h;




